add new alerts + update to use overview dashboard (#356)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/advanced/monitoring.md

---
# Getting Started Monitoring your Node

This comprehensive guide will assist you in effectively monitoring your Charon clusters and setting up alerts by running your own Prometheus and Grafana server. If you want to use Obol’s [public dashboard](https://grafana.monitoring.gcp.obol.tech/d/d895e47a-3c2d-46b7-9b15-8f31202681af/clusters-aggregate-view?orgId=6) instead of running your servers, refer to [this section](./obol-monitoring.md)  in Obol docs that teaches you how to push Prometheus metrics to Obol. 

To explain quickly, Prometheus generates the metrics and Grafana visualizes them. To learn more about prometheus and Grafana, visit [here](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/getting-started/get-started-grafana-prometheus/). If you are using **[CDVN repository](https://github.com/ObolNetwork/charon-distributed-validator-node)** or **[CDVC repository](https://github.com/ObolNetwork/charon-distributed-validator-cluster)**, then Prometheus and Grafana are part of docker compose file and will be installed when you run `docker compose up`. 

The local Grafana server will have a few pre-built dashboards - 

> 1. Charon Overview : This is the main dashboard that provides all the relavant details about the  charon node, for example, peer connectivity, duty completion, health of beacon node and downstream validator etc.  To open, navigate to  `charon-distributed-validator-node` directory and run following command in the terminal `open http://localhost:3000/d/d6qujIJVk/` . 

Author: changed

| ClusterInsufficientPeers | This alert is set to activate when the number of peers for a node in the cluster is insufficient. The condition is evaluated by checking whether the maximum of the app_monitoring_readyz equals 4. | If you are running group cluster, check with other peers to troubleshoot issue. If you are running solo cluster, look into other machines running the DVs to find the problem, |
| ClusterFailureRate | This alert is activated when the failure rate of the cluster exceeds a certain threshold, more specifically, more than 5% failures in duties in the last 6 hours. | Check the upstream and downstream dependencies, latency and hardware issues. |
| ClusterVCMissingValidators | This alert is activated if any validators in the cluster are missing. This happens when validator client cannot load validator keys in past 10 minutes. | Find if validator keys are missing and load them. |

> | ClusterHighPctFailedSyncMsgDuty |  This alert is activated if a high percentage of sync message duties failed in the cluster. The alert is activated if the sum of the increase in failed duties tagged with "sync_message" in the last hour divided by the sum of the increase in total duties tagged with "sync_message" in the last hour is greater than 0.1. | There is no troubleshoot for this. report it to us via https://discord.com/channels/849256203614945310/970759460693901362. |

Reviewer: maybe something like
```suggestion
| ClusterHighPctFailedSyncMsgDuty |  This alert is activated if a high percentage of sync message duties failed in the cluster. The alert is activated if the sum of the increase in failed duties tagged with "sync_message" in the last hour divided by the sum of the increase in total duties tagged with "sync_message" in the last hour is greater than 10%. | This may be due to limitations in beacon node performance on nodes within the cluster. In charon, this duty is the most demanding, however an increased failure rate does not impact rewards. |
```
